[Music]
[Applause]
you're gonna like this where you going
every dance to go - lets go
[Music]
stuff
and most important no matter how much
they beg never never let them eat after
midnight it's right here right it's
looking at me
[Music]
chronologically or six standard a
physically stuff thank you
fire and brimstone coming down from the
skies rivers and seas portal introduces
dark the first widow the dead rise
I thought the camp
[Music]
he slimed me that's great
here cut out the same thing that you
karate - yes karate - no much wax off
you're yesterday's news
got a great kid talent it's not enough
[Music]
there is a time to every purpose under
heaven
[Music]
you came back to me
why would you do this because the needs
of the one outweigh the needs of the
many
[Music]